>> Kyle Simpson: Let's
check some understanding.
What type of scoping rule, or
rules, does JavaScript have?
>> Speaker 2: Function scope and
lexical scope, right?
>> Kyle Simpson: Lexical scope,
that's the model, there's only one.
Function scope is the same
thing as lexical scope.
Dynamic scope doesn't actually
exist in JavaScript, but
it does exist in a few esoteric languages,
okay?
So there's just lexical scope.
What are three different ways that
you can create a new scoped variable?
>> Speaker 2: Put a let, or-
>> Kyle Simpson: You can do a let,
that would create a new
variable inside of some scope.
>> Speaker 2: Var.
>> Kyle Simpson: Var inside of a function,
like we can make an iffy or a function and
make a var inside of it.
>> Kyle Simpson: [CROSSTALK]
There one is tricky.
That's the same thing,
passing in an argument to an iffy.
>> Speaker 2: Function declaration.
>> Kyle Simpson: Same thing,
we have a parameter list that's
the same thing as a var declaration.
>> Kyle Simpson: How
about the catch clause?
The error in the catch clause
creates a new variable.
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's review
from earlier in the course.
What is the difference between
undeclared and undefined,
now that we fully
understand lexical scope?
What's the difference between
undeclared and undefined?
>> Speaker 2: Undeclared,
it's never been declared.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's never been declared
in any scope we have access to, exactly.
What about undefined?
>> Speaker 2: It's not been declared but
it doesn't [CROSSTALK]
>> Kyle Simpson: It has been declared
in the scope.
>> Speaker 2: It doesn't
currently have a value.
>> Kyle Simpson: But
does not currently have a value.
Right, does not currently have a value.
All right.
All right, exercise #2,
now, read the read me,
cuz it describes to you exactly what
to do, don't skip over that detail.
But in exercise #2, your task is
to take what we've learned about
naming our function expressions and
using block scoping.
Take what you know now about
lexical scope and improve the code.
So we're not adding any new features,
we're just improving the code by usage of
block scoping, creating explicit scopes,
that sort of stuff, okay?
Shouldn't be more than about five or
eight lines of code that you'll write or
change to do this, so we'll give you about
five minutes to work on the exercise, and
then talk through the solution.
I wanna point out a little resource
that may not have been obvious if
you looked at the file system.
But in the exercise folder, not only do
I provide the solution file for each of
these exercises, which by the way, there's
not always only one right way, okay?
So if yours differs from it,
don't feel weird or whatever.
There's multiple ways to approach it,
this just represents one
good way of going about it.
But in addition to that, what I also
provided was a diff between the exercise
file and the solution file in each of
those directories, it's called diff.txt.
And that's just the side by side diff
output from comparing those two files.
So for example,
if I open up the diff here, you'll notice,
and of course,
I need to turn off my word wrap here.
You notice that I have
a side-by-side diff going.
It might be easier to look at this in VI
or in the terminal or something like that.
Seems like my spacing and
my editor is going weird here.
I don't know why my editor is
not looking at things correctly.
Look at it in your console,
[COUGH] in VI or something like that, or
count the output of it.
But that should be a resource for
you to be able to look and
check to make sure that you addressed
each of the things that I addressed, so.